*We have used java-jdk-13.0.2 and javafx-sdk-13.0.2 versions to compile the program.*

Features:

1- Tasks distribution:

Mostafa Twfiq 6672: have wrote dishes and tables classes and all classes related to it.
He also wrote the Vector classes and Save class.
He have wrote the manager class, setStyle class and waiter class.


Mohammed zyton 6670: have wrote users classes and all classes related to it.
He also wrote the Load class.
He have wrote the Client class and Cooker class.



2- Project structure:

We have wrote the vectores to have more control with our data and we have used DOM method to save and load xml files,
also we didn't use any drag and deop apps or any libraries to build the GUI.



3- Program specifications:

a- The program supports two types of style
- Dark Mode.
- Light Mode.

b- Program saves all the run time data of the program like
- Style mode
- Users data
- Dishes
- Bills
- Orders
- Tables
- Reservations
(The program save these data while it's closing, so make sure to close it properly).

c- The program handles the most all or the errors and buges to be more stable.

d- we used some css and buttons effects to make the interface more friendly with the user.

e- Text Fields interact with enter keyboard button.

*Note: almost all the tables view you can click on an element to do something.*




4- Dashboards:

Manager:
a- Managers can see all the users and edit or delete them.
Managers also can see all the tables and see if it are booked and the name of client who booked it, 
also he can edit and delete tables.
the project is a little bit smarter so the don't have to enter the table number, 
the project will now the next table number add automaticlly add it.
Managers can see all the bills, and they also can see the bills of today and total profit of today,
bills are consests of client name, date, total amount and manager can view all the dishes of the bill.

b- Clients - Vip clients:
At the first the program will print all the tables to the client with it's properties and the client can choose one of them.
After that the client will be able to choose the dishes that he wants and after he can order them.
if the client payed his bill he will see the bill details.
Client also can edit there account data.

c- Cookers:
Cookers will see all orders, they will be able to see the tale number and the ordered dishes on it, 
and if he finished cooking a dish he can delete it from the orderes dishes list.
Cookers also can see all the dishes in the resraurant and they can edit, delete or add new dish.
Cookers also can edit there account data.

d- Waiters:
Waiter can see all booked tables and the name of the client who booked it.
Waiters also can edit there account data.